doc[glossary/site/index.md]: Improve wording for same-site example (#40268)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/site/index.md

- `https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/`
- `https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/`

> These are the same site despite using different ports:

Reviewer: With "despite", it feels like we're shifting the focus to the difference rather than explaining why they're considered the same. It's doesn't read like a strong improvement.
Instead we could be more direct (and emphasize that "different ports do not affect")
```suggestion
These are considered the same site because the port number is ignored when determining the site:
```
